[Music]
Hello my dear lovers of the
heart, I hope you're having a
nice day. I'm going to put on an audio
right now of a statement, good
statements, quote unquote, no, you
know, not from Marta Riesgo after
having crossed paths on Telecinco with the
very same Rocío Carrasco, you know that
their faces with each other the other day were a
rose in fact we were commenting on it
a lot on this channel and it coincided in
time, not in space but in
time, with Marta Riesgo at these
moments, altars in which the
relationship was and we're going to listen to the little that is
good that Marta has signs
on the subject and to the little that she wants to
answer, her intention of getting married
someday that it shouldn't be done with a fork, she did, I'm not going
to comment on anything, they say that she would also
be saying that, well, that you would
like to expand the family and be a mother
with him, I'm
not going to say anything, you have the maternal instinct
at least or no, I'm sorry for you
Sergio but it's that I'm not going to say anything, I'm
going to stay on this line,
are you fine, I'm not ready, she's happy, I
'm very well, are you happy, I'm
happy, if you're in love, I'm  I'm
happy, I'm in love, I'm not going to say
anything about that. I would like to be a
mother tomorrow, no,
well, the truth is that I haven't
thought about it yet, but what about walking down the aisle, I have
n't thought about those things yet,
what would your wedding be like, getting married in traditional dress, they
send you because of course I laugh
with you, they must have said a
lot too. I'm going to be a little upset
with you because he doesn't like a lot of things
that catch fire, Marca television
should say something or have you passed on some
exclusives, some information about him
because they have also questioned that you pass on
information about him, I'm not going to say anything
as colleagues, if you consider yourself a
colleague, of course, let's go, he
has told you that he doesn't consider you a very good
colleague.
Well, I'm not going to comment on them
and on the people who are talking about me,
simply what
people are saying and whether it is
information about me that is false, well they
will have to prove it. If you
consider yourself a good colleague at work,
of course I think so. Although your
relationship with your colleagues is good, very
good,
very good, how was the meeting with
Rocío Carrasco at the Fuencarral chain, I
'm not going to comment on anything. Thank you.
you say that accompanying me to the car
that I have it
the truth is that I'm not going to comment on anything
guys seriously you know that you agreed to me
going to your show I'm
not going to comment on anything you didn't care if I
went it wouldn't be good of course you didn't
like doing it with her in the hallways no
because she was in the newsroom or read the
interview would you do someday if they gave you
the opportunity if it's not going to say
anything if it's that I understand you how you're
asking questions that
the subject continues to drag on but the thing is that I'm not going to
say anything I've said it from the first
day I have no way that I wouldn't go unless it
was your show not today seriously
what's happening
Rocío has hit rock bottom she doesn't want to talk
now with you are you going to respect her time I'm
not going to say anything about any subject if
you have affection admiration and that I continue I'm
not going to say anything at all at all
admiration at least yes no
only if you're happy that yes no yes I'm
happy I'm happy I was
eating with my family and I respect your
work and everyone else's and that's it and I
hope that mine is respected
well this is all that has said in
quotes because saying no has said the
true hardly at all
respectful the truth respectful and not
very involved and continuing on his line
we have to recognize when things
are are despite that slip that he
had from my point of view when
participating in Sálvame those days for which we
criticized them a lot the truth
is that until today until
today I hope that if he has maintained it is like that it has
not reached us yet as it was said
here enough in Sálvame Sálvame de Luxe
collaborator of the moment at the moment we
have none of that okay family
let's hope it is like this for a long time and we
were wrong what we thought
that in the end it was going to end Psalm 60 let
's hope okay but well for now
time will tell what you think family I
will be reading you in the
comments box do not forget to
subscribe to the channel please I send you
a huge hug
[Music]